---
belong: press
slug: chipchain-is-incorporated
title: Chipchain is incorporated, contributing to Low Power Consumption Full
  Custom ASIC Chip Design Services
subtitle: ""
---
Today, Shenzhen Chipchain Technologies Co., Ltd. is officially incorporated in Shenzhen. The company is invested in tens of millions RMB, with the registered capital of 5 million RMB and the rest of the investment included in the capital reserve. The headquarter is located in Shenzhen Nanshan Science and Technology Park. The company is mainly engaged in IC design and R&D of chip underlying technology.

At the end of 2017, the company completed the formation of the core team. At present, there are 10 team members, 70% of them have got their master degrees and more than 80% are R&D personnel. The team members have a high reputation in the industry. The core members come from many well-known semiconductor design companies in China and have rich experiences in chip R&D and tape-out. The company has a complete chip design process and a large number of independent core technologies, including full custom chip design, analog chip design, low power design, large-scale SoC and ASIC design, etc.

As the purpose of “Adhere to independent R&D of core technologies to promo the upgrading of the IC industry; expanding product applications to become a first-class integrated circuit design supplier", Chipchain will seize the future opportunities for high-speed development of domestic integrated circuit industry, meet the requirements of chip market of high integration, high performance, low power consumption, high storage capacity and diversified functions, utilize the current technical advantages of the team and rich industry experiences and improve the company’s research and development capabilities and innovation capabilities in related fields, to further enhance the company’s core competitiveness.

The company will focus on the research and development of high-performance low-power chips and smart chips. based on the existing high-performance low-power computing chip design technology, Chipchain will strengthen investment in technology research and development on ultra-low power technology, efficient system architecture, intelligent algorithms, analog circuit design, etc. Chipchain will carry out continuous accumulation and innovation, improve the company’s product competitiveness and market share and strive to become a first-class chip design company with outstanding core competitiveness and leading technologies.

Chipchain will focus on establishing a sound, healthy and sustainable corporate culture, paying attention to the introduction and training of talents, establishing a multi-level talent echelon and creating a highly competitive R&D team. At the same time, Chipchain will establish a scientific and standardized R&D system, further enhance independent innovation capabilities, establish and maintain a leading edge in the core technology field and strive to expand the patent portfolio. The company adheres to independent research and development and plan to appropriately purchases advanced research and development equipment, so as to achieve further optimization and application of existing technologies and actively expand new technologies and application fields.